Warning for nans when resampled using spline method (#8185)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8185.feature.rst

> SunpyUserwarning warning will be raised when `sunpy.image.resample` with spline method is called on a data having nans and infinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `~sunpy.util.SunpyUserWarning` will be raised when `sunpy.image.resample` is used with ``method='spline'`` is and a data array containing nans and/or infinities.
```
